Update stencil CLI commands, numerous clarifications and cleanups (#708)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/deploying-a-theme/bundling-and-pushing.md

### Bundle only

> The `stencil bundle` command bundles your theme into a .zip file which may be uploaded to a BigCommerce store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stencil bundle` command bundles your theme into a zip file which may be uploaded to a BigCommerce store.

```

### Bundle and push

> The `stencil push` command is available only for themes that you have successfully initialized using an [Stencil CLI token](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Store-API-Accounts#creating) (with `Themes: modify scope`). This command bundles your theme and uploads it to the associated store, in one continuous process.

Author: Given we have a "Stencil CLI token" option in the UI now, I think this is a better way to describe the process.

BigCommerce provides two alternatives for uploading a theme to its associated BigCommerce store. You can perform either a control panel upload, or a command line upload. These options are available depending on how you've authorized your theme:

> ### Control Panel upload

Author: Removed reference to basic auth vs OAuth

`stencil push`

Stencil CLI displays the same notifications, prompts, and selection options you would receive when using the control panel's GUI. The sections below will describe the notifications and interactions you might see.

> To push a theme and activate a particular Variation without being prompted, use `stencil push -a VARIATION_NAME` with the name of the Variation. For example, `stencil push -a Light` will activate the "Light" variation. If you simply use `stencil push -a` without a Variation name, the first Variation will be applied.

Author: Added more detail on `push`

> To push a theme and activate a particular Variation without being prompted, use `stencil push -a VARIATION_NAME` with the name of the Variation. For example, `stencil push -a Light` will activate the "Light" variation. If you simply use `stencil push -a` without a Variation name, the first Variation will be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To push a theme and activate a particular variation without being prompted, use `stencil push -a VARIATION_NAME` with the name of the variation. For example, `stencil push -a Light` will activate the "Light" variation. If you simply use `stencil push -a` without a variation name, the first variation will be applied.

```

> If you wish to automatically delete the oldest theme on your store if you are already at your theme limit, you can use `stencil push -d`. These may be used together, as `stencil push -a -d`, to give the best chance of the upload working without any interaction, which is desirable for automated deployments of Stencil CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are already at your theme limit, you can automatically delete the oldest theme on your store using `stencil push -d`. You can use the combination, `stencil push -a -d`, to give the best chance of the upload working without any interaction, which is desirable for automated deployments of Stencil CLI.
```
